Next, we will walk through a hands on example
of joining and then sinking to a Kafka topic.
We've already worked with this vehicle data before and stream it to the console.
The next thing we're going to do on the vehicle check-in Python script is change
the sync from streaming to the console to streaming to a new Kafka topic.
On the last line,
I'm going to comment out the stream to
the console and I'm going to use the same DataFrame,
but I'm going to start streaming to a Kafka topic.
The first thing I want to do is convert the data
from regular fields and rows to JSON format.
I'm going to take the DataFrame and run the dots,
select DXPR function on it.
Then inside of that method,
I'm going to call cast,
and I'm going to cast the status truck number as a key.
Now let me just double check my joint
statement and the status truck number is the truck number columns,
so that's what I want.
But Kafka wants it to be called what?
It calls that a key,
so I need to call it that,
and I'm casting it as a string.
The next thing I want to do is convert the regular fields to JSON,
so I'm going to call an expression.
In an expression, I'm going to call two JSON,
and then in the two JSON,
I'm going pass the fields that I want to serialize.
If I do struck star it select all the fields,
then I'm going to call that JSON payload value,
because that's what Kafka wants the value field to be called.
I'm going to access the right stream and I'm going to format it as Kafka.
Then I'm going set my bootstrap option,
and I'm listening on port 9092.
I'm going to create a new topic,
and the name I want to call it is check-ins status,
and I need to provide this option called
checkpoint location when I'm sending data to Kafka,
that needs to be a folder path that's writable by the Spark worker,
and it's for the purpose of writing a temporary file that's used by Spark.
I'm starting that pipeline again and this time going to Kafka,
and then I want to await it terminating until it's told to stop.
I'm going to go to the home workspace spark folder and lists there.
I have multiple scripts,
the one I want is submit vehicle checkin.sh,
so I'm going to say./submitvehiclecheckin.sh,
that only works if I'm in the right folder.
Home workspace spark through thing it does is load a bunch of Java libraries,
including the Kafka library that we want,
so you'll see that one here.
There's several others.
These all come from Maven Central,
so it uses Maven Central to pull down the libraries unless they're already installed.
Now, we're waiting for the job to start streaming to the new Kafka topic.
If we want to check out that topic,
we're going to head over to the Kafka console consumer,
so I'm going to CD to the Kafka bin directory,
and then if I list in there,
I'll see a script called Kafka console consumer.
I'm going to say dot slash because I'm in the directory,
and then I want to consume that topic.
First, I have to provide the bootstrap server's location, and in this case,
it's actually single bootstrap server and its local-host 9092, of course.
The topic we want to look at is called
check-ins status and we want the messages from the beginning.
Looks like I missed one of the parameters, bootstraps server.
Oh, I did a dot instead of a dash.
Bootstrap-server, and there's all the data that we're getting.
We're seeing the same information we saw before on the screen,
but in this case,
it's coming out of a Kafka topic.
That was the goal that we had was to streamed to Kafka, and we've done it.
I'm going to Control C to stop this application.